# You should NOT upload your Discord data to analytics services for social media posts! NEVER EVER!

So recently I ran into an interesting video on YouTube talking about some kids uploading their FULL Discord backup data packages to some analytics services just to make meaningless social media posts. I guess YouTube recommended the video to me probably because I do hold a fairly negative view in terms of security against Discord. How could I give them positive reviews when it takes them three damn weeks just to take down a live malware executable on their CDN server? The servers should share files "privately" only within the chat rooms in which the files are posted, isn't it?  

Anyway, the video is actually somewhat fine. I just cannot grasp the idea of why someone would like to give up their own data for free to analytics services. Apparently kids nowadays are making the same mistakes as what people did when Facebook was popular. I have invested quite some time and effort to stop my data from being collected for analytics, and now we have kids doing the opposite thing. This literally blew my mind.  

Nevertheless, as an amateur enthusiast interested in security, this video is still gives horribly bad advice from my point of view. One should NEVER use the data export feature UNLESS they have actual privacy/legal concerns, want to REQUEST FULL DELETION, or can ONLY restore some of their data in this way. Why? Please let me explain.  

Imagine the worst-case scenario: an attacker got hold of the package file. This is NOT just about your own safety. What if your friend sent you some sensitive information and that piece of data got included in the package? Not to mention other than getting your financial credentials stolen, attackers can also build a detailed profile of your behavior to launch further attacks against you, your family, your friends, or anyone who shares some level of connection with you. If an attacker has your phone number and somehow knows that you work for a decently sized company, they may be able to perform precise spear attacks against your workspace, using YOU as the entry point to gain the initial access. If you are prone to the temptation of sharing everything in your life online, I bet you cannot even withstand the most primitive, outdated form of social engineering snipes. (In other words, if an air rifle pellet goes right through your vest, how do you convince me that it's capable of stopping a 5.56 FMJ rifle round?)  

Therefore, do NOT upload ANYTHING like these onto ANY third-party websites or share it with ANYONE. Items marked as "optional" in this video are NOT optional at all. You should NOT even do whatever leads to you having to decide whether you should perform the "optional" tasks or not. Why? At a certain point, the website may seem benign, but it's ALWAYS subject to changes you have absolutely NO control of. There are plenty of instances in which previously innocent apps became malicious and started causing all sorts of crazy mayhem to profit from their well-built user base. Not to mention this kind of service would probably be a major target for attackers to aim at. What if I, as an attacker, can just compromise the web server and inject malicious JavaScript snippets that send everything to my collection?  

Furthermore, having almost all your sensitive data packed up in a zip file lingering around your user directory is still a really REALLY bad idea. An attacker with access to your local account can just grab it and run. Token grabbers disguised as games are bad enough, and having a gold mine using a constant filename "package.zip" under your download directory is just making attackers' lives easier. Even if it's not under a fixed path, a fast scan through all zip files can still reveal the package contents due to its distinct signature structure.  

Why would it still matter if an attacker had compromised your devices? After all, they can just use the token to get everything, isn't it? For financial credentials, well, yeah; but for full chat logs? Not so much. Maybe they could still use the token to crawl through everything you have, however, doing so would likely trigger the alarms from either Discord or Cloudflare. Discord is now infested with grab-and-run malware written in Python or Node.js, with both of the variants having extremely low detection rates due to the nature of how Python and JavaScript codes are stored.  

Anyway, if you really REALLY want to get some clicks out of your Discord analytics, write a Python script to parse the zip file yourself. And after you finished computing the statistics, delete all the copies of the data package you have made. You get clicks on your social (probably) and also learned how to code in Python. It's a much better deal!  
